Cross-Vendor communication is not guaranteed by design. (#4736)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Concepts/Intermediate/About-Different-Middleware-Vendors.rst

If ``rmw_fastrtps_cpp`` is ever installed, it would be the default.

See the :doc:`guide <../../How-To-Guides/Working-with-multiple-RMW-implementations>` for how to specify which RMW implementation is to be used when running the ROS 2 examples.

Cross-Vendor Communication
--------------------------

> Since ROS 2 supports distributed and heterogeneous system, it can be expected that system would use the different RMW implementation depends on the system requirement and resources.
> ROS 2 does not officially support the cross-vendor communication with different RMW implementations.
> If the underlying RMW implementations use the compatible protocol and serialization format, this cross-vendor communication might work.
> But this is not guaranteed by ROS 2 design.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While different RMW implementations may be compatible in limited circumstances, this is not guaranteed.
Thus it is suggested that users ensure that all parts of the distributed system are using the same ROS version and the same RMW implementation.
```

Author: @clalancette thanks, i just borrowed your suggested fix.
